live from the star-filled international
ballroom of the Beverly Hilton Hotel
welcome to the 67th annual Golden Globe
Awards and now please welcome your host
of evening ladies and gentlemen Ricky
Gervais
[Applause]
[Music]
hello hello and welcome to the 67th
annual Golden Globe Awards live from Los
Angeles I'm Ricky Gervais is thank you
you you probably know me as the creator
of the office no you don't do you you
think Steve Carell did it oh oh he's
brilliant isn't he Steve Carell
he's amazing as the bumbling office
manager where does he get his ideas from
let's pay hundreds of millions of
dollars and put them in every movie if
you can't be bothered to go to the
cinema to see Steve in action then just
watching might be Thursday here on NBC
or if you think that particular version
of the show as jump the shark a little
bit sort of some of the forums are
saying then watch the original Fridays
on Adult Swim or get the box set that's
still available so just just just twelve
episodes in a special quality not
quantity that's what counts
I so go and get that and I will be
making the most of this opportunity I'm
not used to these sort of viewing
figures let's face it Knorr NBC so on a
serious note just looking at all the
faces here reminds me of some of the
great work that's been done this year by
cosmetic surgeons
you all look great I'm a little bit of
work done about cheek implants they put
them there which is annoying and I uh
I've had a penis reduction just got the
one now
and and it is very tiny but sir my hands
so well I'm holding it looks pretty big
and let's face it I usually am holding
it
I wish I was doing that now instead of
this to be honest for this it is an
honor to be here in a room full of what
I consider to be the most important
people on the planet actors they're just
they're just better than ordinary people
aren't they know that we all know that
imagine a world without actors oh god it
doesn't bear thinking about imagine if I
ever went on strike Oh what would we do
you couldn't replace them you couldn't
replace them with any other profession
lawyers or doctors can you imagine a
real surgeon doing what Hugh Laurie does
in house it would be pathetic it'd be
all over the place we're gonna go where
do I stand how's my American accent what
what's my lines you know Hugh with the
aid of coaches stuff can eventually
learn his lines while saving lives he's
a genius
how could you replace Kiefer Sutherland
in 24 I'd love to see a real
anti-terrorist agent try and defuse a
bomb in a busy train station in one hour
some of those scenes by the way where
Kiefer grabs on and beats them to a pulp
they weren't even in the script
the director just said keep rolling
we're working into them
but actors aren't just loved here in
Hollywood they I loved the world over
because they're recognizable you can be
anyone you could be in the third world
okay and you get a glimpse of a
Hollywood star and it makes you feel
better okay you could be a little a
little child a little asian child with
no possessions and no money but you get
a you see a picture of Angelina Jolie
and you think mummy
[Applause]
Oh
thank you let's get on with it before
NBC replaced me with Jay Leno
please welcome one of the stars of nine
Nicole Kidman
[Music]
well it's going well isn't it we've had
we've seen some worthy winners and some
not so worthy ones less but no I'm not
gonna mention him now am i I'll be doing
that on my blog
Ricky Gervais is calm I've had thousands
of emails over the past few days saying
yoy was the invention of lying not
nominated I don't know I just don't know
maybe the D media wouldn't know what
that's out Tuesday at Walmart so go and
buy that one thing that can't be bought
is a golden bow officially
[Applause]
I'm not gonna do this again anyway but
if you were to buy one
the mantasy would be philip back
to introduce him although I already have
that seems rather pointless but she's
here now ladies and gentlemen from
Desperate Housewives Felicity Huffman
[Music]
[Applause]
the serious bit now the Golden Globes is
shown all over the world it is oblivious
to color or creed
it doesn't just celebrate talent it
celebrates difference it crushes
prejudice and stereotype one stereotype
I hate is that all Irishmen are just
drunk
sweary pal razors please welcome Colin
Farrell
[Applause]
[Music]
this next category is a bit of a downer
to be honest it is for writing
[Music]
we all know writers get way too much
credit in Hollywood and that's due to
the generosity of actors sometimes
mentioning them I mean but what would
writers do without actors I don't want
to keep going on about actors but
they're the most important ones okay
it's not the words you say it's how good
you look when you're saying them that
everyone knows that and that the great
thing about actors is they want to keep
moving forward
they're chameleons ever-changing and
leaving the past behind please welcome
Rachel our friends and that bloke from
[Applause]
hello calm down calm down we're on the
home straight the next presenter is an
award-winning actress with special
powers in dying of the day she used her
powers of seduction to win over James
Bond in x-men she used her powers to
control the elements in Catwoman she
used the power of being able to wash
herself all over and this is the pour
for behind the ear
it's brilliant please welcome the very
clean Halle Berry
[Applause]
[Music]
are you doing alright it is
about a couple I'm not real I - you know
listen up
I haven't offended anyone I didn't mean
it's not my fault it's a lot of powerful
people here so if I said it's honestly I
like a drink as much the next man
unless the next man is Mel Gibson
[Applause]
the next presenter is not only one of
Hollywood's best actors he's also one of
the coolest men in the world I've got a
bad word to say about him mostly because
he's got arms as big as my legs please
welcome the amazing Mickey Rourke
[Applause]
well that's it we've got about eight
seconds so thank you so much well done
to all the winners and if I could have
one wish it would be peace on earth
no can I change that I want everyone to
watch the Ricky Gervais show on HBO the
start for 19th of February good night
you